Add examples for Dataset functions in documentation. (#901)
scalableminds/webknossos-libs: docs/src/webknossos-py/examples/image_list_to_wkw.md

> # Convert image list to wkw file

Author: Image Stack to Dataset

> This example shows how to [create a new dataset from a tuple of images](../../api/webknossos/dataset/dataset.md#Dataset.from_images).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to [create a new WEBKNOSSOS dataset from a stack of images](../../api/webknossos/dataset/dataset.md#Dataset.from_images), e.g. Tiff, JPEG, etc files.
```
